Aren't you very rich? I've given you a half-day gift not far away.
You also buy one like me for over 300,000 yuan,
let me see.
Why did I buy these 30 abilities?
I don't like this style.
What does it matter whether you like this or not?
You brought a woman here to show off, so you can’t afford it, right?
Because I still need to show off my strength,
If you don't like it, you don't like it.
I really do it because of you, can’t you hear it?
If you have the money, just buy it. What does it have to do with whether you like it or not? Forget it from Zhang Feng.
I followed the one-shot I was told.
when is it
You still say such things
Tian'an, you said your dad is fat because of his glasses.
They're all lying to me
You, your Xiaojun, are not as good as Zhou Yuan
What do you mean?
what do i mean
I mean
Like county citizens, hello Xiaojun
It turns out I misunderstood you
I think about it
He is the best to you
Let’s be together, Zhou Yuan
Such a stinky watch
I told you that you can say such a thing
Don't press your car's button
Who learned from you?
What I like is Qing Yaojun
let's be together